[Doc] Document bazel linting rules (#20461)
lowRISC/opentitan: doc/contributing/bazel_notes.md

    --define DISABLE_VERILATOR_BUILD=true
    --test_tag_filters=cw310 \
    --test_output=streamed \
    //sw/device/tests:uart_smoketest
  ```
  or, remove the define/filtering flags and just append the `<device>` name like:
  ```sh
  bazel test --test_output=streamed //sw/device/tests:uart_smoketest_fpga_cw310
  ```
  and similarly for Verilator:
  ```sh
  bazel test --test_output=streamed //sw/device/tests:uart_smoketest_sim_verilator
  ```

# Linting Software

There are several Bazel rules that enable running quality checks and fixers on code.
They can be listed by running the following:
```sh
bazel query //quality:all
```
The subsections below describe how to use them.
All of the tools described below are run in CI on every pull request, so it is best to run them before committing code.

## Linting C/C++ Code

The OpenTitan supported linter for C/C++ files is `clang-format`.
It can be run with Bazel as shown below.

Run the following to check if all C/C++ code as been formatted correctly:
```sh
bazel test //quality:clang_format_check --test_output=streamed
```
and run the following to fix it, if it is not formatted correctly.
```sh
bazel run //quality:clang_format_fix
```

> ## Linting Rust Code
> 
> The OpenTitan supported linter for Rust files is `cargo fmt`.
> It can be run with Bazel as shown below.
> 
> Run the following to check if all C/C++ code as been formatted correctly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Formatting Rust Code

The OpenTitan project uses `rustfmt` to format Rust code.
It can be run with Bazel as shown below.

Run the following to check if all Rust code as been formatted correctly:
```

*(We use clippy as our linter, which is run a build time by default.)*

Author: Fixed.

```sh
bazel test //quality:rustfmt_check --test_output=streamed
```
and run the following to fix it, if it is not formatted correctly.
```sh
bazel run //quality:rustfmt_fix
```

> ## Linting Bazel files
> 
> The OpenTitan bazel linter can be run with Bazel as shown below.
> 
> Run the following to check if all BUILD files as been formatted correctly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Formatting Bazel files

The OpenTitan project uses `buildifier` to automatically format Bazel files.

Run the following to check if all BUILD files as been formatted correctly:
```

Again, I think buildifier is more of a formatter than a linter.

[\[README.md\]](https://github.com/bazelbuild/buildtools/tree/master/buildifier):

> buildifier is a tool for formatting bazel BUILD and .bzl files with a standard convention.

Author: Fixed

They can be listed by running the following:
```sh
bazel query //quality:all
```
The subsections below describe how to use them.
All of the tools described below are run in CI on every pull request, so it is best to run them before committing code.

## Linting C/C++ Code

The OpenTitan supported linter for C/C++ files is `clang-format`.
It can be run with Bazel as shown below.

Run the following to check if all C/C++ code as been formatted correctly:
```sh
bazel test //quality:clang_format_check --test_output=streamed
```
and run the following to fix it, if it is not formatted correctly.
```sh
bazel run //quality:clang_format_fix
```

## Linting Rust Code
<<<<<<< HEAD

=======
>>>>>>> 5353f4d94f ([doc] Document the bazel rules to lint rust and bazel files)
The OpenTitan supported linter for Rust files is `cargo fmt`.
It can be run with Bazel as shown below.

Run the following to check if all C/C++ code as been formatted correctly:
```sh
bazel test //quality:rustfmt_check --test_output=streamed
```
and run the following to fix it, if it is not formatted correctly.
```sh
bazel run //quality:rustfmt_fix
```

## Linting Bazel files
<<<<<<< HEAD

> =======

Reviewer: Some merge conflicts

Author: Fixed
